%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\chapter{Metodologia}
\label{cap:metodolodia}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto.

%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\section{Apresentação}\index{área do trabalho!fundamentos}
\label{sec:fundamentos}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto.


%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\section{Técnicas de Suavização}\index{área do trabalho!fundamentos}
\label{sec:fundamentos}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto.


%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\subsection{Frankel, 1995}\index{ácido!nucléico}\index{nucleotídeos}
\label{sec:acidos_nucleicos}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto



%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\subsection{Woo, 1996}\index{ácido!nucléico}\index{nucleotídeos}
\label{sec:acidos_nucleicos}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto



%% ------------------------------------------------------------------------- %%
\subsection{Helmstetter, 2012}\index{ácido!nucléico}\index{nucleotídeos}
\label{sec:acidos_nucleicos}

Texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto
texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto texto

